content/experience/SPRA-Programmer/index.md, before:

---
title: Research Programmer
author: ''
date: '2020-08-03'
slug: spra-programmer
categories: []
tags: []
subtitle: '[Social Policy Research Associates](https://www.spra.com/) • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020'
summary: 'Social Policy Research Associates • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020'
authors: []
lastmod: '2019-09-11T11:03:52-05:00'
featured: yes
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: no
projects: []
---

| Period | Role | 
|------|------| 
|Aug 2021 - Present  | Research Programmer | 
|Aug 2020 - Aug 2021 | Junior Research Programmer |


- Develop and manage datasets with documentation 
- Creating analytic files per project team requests
- Developing reproducible programs for data management tasks
- Production of tables or preparation of material to support analyses
- Create and design data visualizations (both static and dynamic)
- Develop and maintain R Shiny applications for clients 

<!-- - Helping prepare portions of reports and proposals, including both writing and data displays --> 


### Software and Tools
- R / RStudio / R Shiny 
- SAS
- <ul class="network-icon" aria-hidden="true"><a href="https://github.com/mareichler-spra" SPRA GitHub> Git / GitHub <i class="fab fa-github-square"></i></a>

Commit message:

update website with role, rladies talk, rshiny wioa app, link to science article

content/experience/SPRA-Programmer/index.md, after:

---
title: Research Programmer
author: ''
date: '2020-08-03'
slug: spra-programmer
categories: []
tags: []
subtitle: '[Social Policy Research Associates](https://www.spra.com/) • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020'
summary: 'Social Policy Research Associates • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020'
authors: []
lastmod: '2019-09-11T11:03:52-05:00'
featured: yes
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: no
projects: []
---

| Period | Role | 
|------|------| 
|Aug 2021 - Present  | Research Programmer | 
|Aug 2020 - Aug 2021 | Junior Research Programmer |


- Develop and manage datasets with documentation 
- Creating analytic files per project team requests
- Developing reproducible programs for data management tasks
- Production of tables or preparation of material to support analyses
- Create and design data visualizations (both static and dynamic)
- Develop and maintain R Shiny applications for clients  

<!-- - Helping prepare portions of reports and proposals, including both writing and data displays --> 

### R Shiny Application: WIOA by the Numbers 

- Solely developed and maintain application for US Department of Labor (DOL) Employment and Training Administration (ETA) 
- Live on DOL's website: [dol.gov/agencies/eta/performance/results/interactive-data-analysis](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/eta/performance/results/interactive-data-analysis) 
- Screen shots of application are also shown below 


{{< gallery album="rshinywioa" >}} 


### Software and Tools
- R / RStudio / R Shiny 
- SAS
- <ul class="network-icon" aria-hidden="true"><a href="https://github.com/mareichler-spra" SPRA GitHub> Git / GitHub <i class="fab fa-github-square"></i></a>
