content/home/currentroles.md, before:

+++
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 2  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Current Role"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns = "2"

# <a href="current/teaching-assistant"> Teaching Assistant </a> 
# link = slug!! 
+++

<a href="{{< ref "experience/SPRA-Programmer" >}}">
<h3 
style="
margin:0px 0px 0px 0px;
padding: 0px 0px 0px 0px;
">
Research Programmer  
</h3> 
</a>

*Social Policy Research Associates (SPR) • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020*  
- Develop and manage datasets with documentation 
- Creating analytic files per project team requests
- Developing reproducible programs for data management tasks
- Production of tables or preparation of material to support analyses
- Create and design data visualizations (both static and dynamic)
- Develop and maintain R Shiny applications for clients 

<!-- image and files for home page should be in the static folder -->

Commit message:

update website with role, rladies talk, rshiny wioa app, link to science article

content/home/currentroles.md, after:

+++
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 2  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Current Role"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns = "2"

# <a href="current/teaching-assistant"> Teaching Assistant </a> 
# link = slug!! 
+++

<a href="{{< ref "experience/SPRA-Programmer" >}}">
<h3 
style="
margin:0px 0px 0px 0px;
padding: 0px 0px 0px 0px;
">
Research Programmer  
</h3> 
</a>

*Social Policy Research Associates (SPR) • Oakland, CA • Aug 2020*  
- Develop and manage datasets with documentation 
- Creating analytic files per project team requests
- Developing reproducible programs for data management tasks
- Production of tables or preparation of material to support analyses
- Create and design data visualizations (both static and dynamic)
- Develop and maintain R Shiny applications for clients, such as [WIOA by the Numbers](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/eta/performance/results/interactive-data-analysis) 


<h3 
style="
margin:0px 0px 0px 0px;
padding: 0px 0px 0px 0px;
">
RLadies Presenter: Intro to {box} Package 
</h3> 

*R Ladies Twin Cities • [meetup](https://www.meetup.com/rladies-tc/events/284010281/?_xtd=gatlbWFpbF9jbGlja9oAJGRjMjIxYTM4LWEwZjQtNDE2OS04NmU3LWU0ZWFhZDg2MDgwNQ) • Mar 2022*  
Talk of approximately 20 minutes giving an introduction to the {box} package, which allows the user to create modularized code in R without having to develop a full package.  

[View Slides](https://MarEichler.github.io/rladies_box_intro/)  
[View GitHub Repository](https://github.com/MarEichler/rladies_box_intro)



<!-- image and files for home page should be in the static folder -->
